Update docker_demo.md (#10522)
apache/hudi: website/versioned_docs/version-0.14.1/docker_demo.md

:::note Please note the following for Mac AArch64 users
<ul>
  <li> The demo must be built and run using the release-0.14.1 tag. </li>
  <li> Presto and Trino are not currently supported in the demo. </li>

>   <li> You will see warningss that there is no historyserver for your archittecture. You can ignore this </li>

Reviewer: You will see `warnings` that there is no `history server` for your `architecture`. You can ignore this `.`

>   <li> You will see warningss that there is no historyserver for your archittecture. You can ignore this </li>

Author: ```suggestion
  <li> You will see warnings that there is no history server for your architecture. You can ignore these. </li>
```

>   <li> You wil see warnings "Unable to load native-hadoop library for your platform... using builtin-java classes where applicable." You can ignore this </li>

Reviewer: You `will` see `the warning` "Unable to load native-hadoop library for your platform... using builtin-java classes where applicable." You can ignore this `.`
